Why did Miss He come here?
What can I do for you?
Mr. Cheng
I came today to sign a contract
Why does Miss He want to intervene?
I didn't like to meddle in my own business
But on this land
My dad went through a lot of stuff.
So
I can't give up on this
What does it have to do with me?
Ride the Wind
Be a person and stay on the line
Why kill them all?
Those rumors on the construction site are not good for our investment promotion
I want you to clear up those rumors
Then if I were
Say you can't ride the wind
How dare you!
Forget it, look at me
For the sake of having a crush on you
I won't bother with you
As long as you can let our construction site recruit students smoothly
Your benefits will be indispensable in the future
Why can't I see it?
What are the benefits you mentioned?
Join forces with our family
The whole cloud is yours
Isn't that enough for you?
you